You're a douche, you're a douche, you're a big, fizzy douche. You broke
that poor girl's heart. You're a douche, you're a douche, you're a big,
fizzy douche. You should've told the truth right from the start. But
my intentions were good. I was no slave to my wood. I wanted her to
love me for me. He does have lots of riches, which attracts a lot of
bitches. Thank you, Alan, but you'll never be on "Glee." Aw, crap. If
I may throw in my two cents, your love was based on a pretense. Your
relationship with mother is to blame. You didn't suckle on her boobies,
you self-medicate with doobies, which explains why you used a made-up
name. Cue da refrain. You're a douche, you're a douche, you're a big,
fizzy douche. Everything you said was a lie. You're a douche, you're a
douche, you're a big, fizzy douche. But you're still a really, really
handsome guy. Thank you. Then what am I to do? So I don't always live
with you. Wow, that hurts my feelings, but since I live there beneath
your ceilings, I'll bite the pillow like the prison bitches do. Oooh!
If she gives me one more chance, we can have a real romance. If she
doesn't, we can party in my pants. 'Scuse me, no disrespect, but I have
to interject, what makes you think you can steal the show? 'Cause I'm
gay! Oh, you're so clearly from L.A. Yeah, I'm gay. And he will
always be that way. Or as his Jersey friends would say: A-yo, badda
bing, he's a big ol' 'mo. 'Scuse me, but we seem to be digressing, and
I find it to be quite distressing. Can we sing about the problem that's
at hand? Can Kate get over Sam and love who I am? You confuse me for
someone who gives a damn. So bottom line, you're a douche, you're a
douche, you're a big, fizzy douche. And I'll die sad and alone. You're
a douche, you're a douche, you're a big, fizzy douche. (Ring!) Hold
it, everybody, that's my phone. Hello? Kate? You're a douche.
(Click!) Douche, douche, douche, douche, douche-y, douche, douche,
douche. You couldn't say it meaner. I'm a big vagina cleaner. Didn't
do what I oughta. I'm vinegar and water. On this we all agree. Oh
yes, we all agree. Oh good, you finally see, to shining sea. Gimme a
D-O-U-C-H-E, douche! Gimme a D-O-U-C-H-E, douche! Gimme a D-O-U-C-H-E,
douche! Drum roll... You're a douche, you're a douche, just a big,
fizzy douche. And that's all I'll ever be. You're a douche, you're a
douche, you're a big, fizzy douche. And that's all you'll ever be.
Douche!