President Roosevelt famously said, "...the only thing we have to
fear, is fear itself." Now, let's take a moment and ask ourselves,
which presidential candidates and cable news networks are actively
promoting fear? Which one of these people and corporate entities
are determined to scare your pants off, in the hope that you'll
either vote for them or stay tuned? Or let's approach this from a
different angle. After millions of years of evolution, or six days
of divine creation, it doesn't really matter which, our brains are
wired to seek out danger and respond accordingly. Fight or flight
or, if it's not trying to eat you, negotiate. It makes sense then,
that presenting a threat to our survival is a time-tested way to
get the brain's attention. And let's be clear about one thing;
attention is the most valuable commodity in the world. Once you
have someone's attention you can sell them something, or, if you're
the kind of person who is frightened of self-determined people,
control them - while reassuring them that your only concern is
their right to be self-determined. (This is not to say that there
aren't people who have ample reason to be afraid. I'm just gonna
go out on a limb and say you're probably not one of them.) So the
real question to ask yourself is not who or what should you be
afraid of, it's how are you doing right now. Go ahead. Ask
yourself. Are you in jeopardy right now? Of course not. You're
squinting at this vanity card and perhaps wondering if there's a
clever joke at the end of it. (Spoiler alert: there is not.) This
means that whatever you're afraid of, or being encouraged to be
afraid of, is in your mind. It is not in your living room, or just
outside your door. You're thinking it. Which is good news.
That's the one thing you have control over. At any moment, you can
take a break from thinking scary thoughts, or, if you're like me
and have a mind run amuck, you can choose to ignore them. Even
better news, once you're free of self-imposed fear, you're much
less likely to seek out an old, white guy to protect you. (Well,
maybe there is.)