I believe we are not by nature flawed. To believe that we are is
the ultimate narcissism. It would mean that out of all creation,
we, and only we, are inherently broken. Instead, I have come to
believe that western culture, beginning ten thousand years ago with
communal agriculture, is the thing that is flawed.* When humankind
abandoned hunting and gathering, and began to work the land is when
it fell from grace. It is when we were expelled from Eden and
began our endless search for meaning. When tribes became villages,
became towns, became cities, became nations, is when we descended
into insanity. The destruction that followed required us to invent
laws and wrathful gods to curb the madness. But we are not by
nature mad. We were driven to behave madly by a culture we created
and then forgot we were in. Which raises the question, what now?
A return to foraging doesn't seem like much of an option. The
wisdom needed to support that lifestyle took thousands of years to
accumulate and is now long forgotten. Perhaps a constructive first
step might be to simply acknowledge that the fabric of our
existence is badly torn. And that the tear began long ago, when we
lost faith in the world. When we decided this miraculous garden
would not, or could not, provide. Step two would be embracing the
fact that there's nothing inherently wrong with us, that we are
masterpieces of biological engineering. And step three... well,
that would be a new way of thinking. One that is not sickened by a
zero-sum culture. Sadly, if you're reading this, you will not be
the one thinking those new thoughts. You probably won't even
recognize them when they come. If anything, they will appear as a
threat to you. And just to be clear, I include myself in this
group. We are all hopelessly shackled to the old way of thinking.
Perhaps a child is being born right now who will make the
breakthrough. Or perhaps it will emerge from some form of
artificial intelligence. In the meantime... gee, I don't know, I
guess we watch sitcoms.